All
right, thanks everybody for coming.
Who's been before? A few folks. We'll
talk through this. I'll for folks that
read SAS or know it. I got to be honest
when we it wasn't actually a year ago.
It was last September. We switched to
May. We're going to be May again next
year. And even last September, a lot of
stuff in AI, we were skeptical. Folks
were theoretical. We were talking a lot
about
hallucinations. A lot has changed since
last September. I'll talk through it. A
lot's changed especially in coding and
contact center but the change is just
coming so fast and I saw it in
investments that I made we'll talk
through but man when we launched this
Sasser AI if you haven't tried it just
try it it's on sasser.com there's it's a
chat bubble embedded and we've done
130,000 chats in less than eight weeks
on our AI in fact and the team that
built it the software Deli is going to
be here tomorrow after my session if you
want to hear how it's built but I've
seen now 130,000 thousand chats go
through. I've seen questions answered.
I've seen decks reviewed and board packs
reviewed and SDR scripts written and
it's so good. It's so good. And I feel
like I'm gifted with RAI because I've
seen the future. This future that's like
either here today or coming soon. And I
want to chat about that and what I've
seen for a few minutes. Tomorrow I'll
try to do a deep dive with more
learnings. If you want to come at 9:00
a.m. I'll be doing a deep dive on AI and
go to market, what I've learned. And
we're also having the CR of owner. They
just announced yesterday. They raised at
a billion dollars. They're at over 40
million, growing 10% a month with a very
salesdriven motion, but infused by AI.
So the CRO and I will be together. I was
the seed investor talking about how AI
isn't changing sales and more
importantly, how to be changing sales
and go to market soon. But it's just so
much change that I want to talk about.
And I'll get to there in a second. But
SAS is all about being positive. It's
all about helping. It's about doing it
together.
But the theme here is going to be tough
love today. It's a little bit of tough
love in a positive way. But the reality
is we have to move faster. Like everyone
has to move faster is what I'm telling
every CEO I meet. If you're running at
the 2024 pace, if you're running a 2023
playbook, I know it's hard as it is. I
know it's hard as it is to recruit, to
ship, to do all these things, but
everyone that's crushing today is not
they're moving faster. And I'm going to
talk through it, but and here's just one
way I summarized it on Twitter the other
day and we were here in 2024. A we AI
can't beat a good sales rep. No way. And
a lot of folks still quote a survey that
I did 6 months back on LinkedIn. Have
you gotten your AI SDR to work? And
Tomas Tongas, who's back, he did his own
version of it a year ago. People like AI
doesn't work for sales. Like it's
working now. Like it's working now. And
so now it's you know what? I AI might
beat an okay sales rep. I literally got
emailed from a human SDR today, this
morning. Hey, will you be at Saster next
week? Do you want to
meet today? This is from a well, highly
funded B2B company. Do you really think
AI can't beat that person? He's going to
be out of a job next year. He will be
out of a job. That is
unacceptable at all. It is, but it's
definitely I'd much rather get an email
from an AISR. Hey, Jason, I see you work
at Sasser. Oh, wow. You founded Sasser.
Very interesting. I know you probably
can't meet this week and I know you only
have a team of five in a weird quirky
business, but our product can solve this
problem for you. The A is going to write
that email and said, "Hey, Jason, you
want to meet it faster next week."
Literally this morning, guys, there
these people will all be out of a job,
okay? Because your AI at least by next
year is going to be better than 80% of
sales reps. Not the best. I'll talk
about a little bit today and a lot more
tomorrow. That literally is an email
from a company that's raised almost
$und00 million. Okay. A hund00 million.
Last week I had an issue with a10
billion dollar company that has raised a
billion dollars, been a customer for
eight years, gotten them tons of
referrals, pay made them lots of money,
and we had an issue and I got an email
from a human associate customer success
manager. I have one hour next week to
talk, dude. One hour next week to talk,
dude. Okay. Now, listen. We're all
friends. I'm not that big a deal. I am a
somewhat successful founder investor.
But this guy shouldn't be calling me
dude after being an 8-year customer,
associate customer success manager that
clearly didn't know what we were, how
long we'd been a customer, anything
about me, dude. And he had one hour free
next
Friday. You're going to lose your job.
You're going to lose your job. And we
tolerated this for a while. And frankly,
in 2021, it worked because anyone we all
had to buy software. We we got confused,
but AI is so good. And again, we'll do
more tomorrow, but it's so good. Those
people are all going to lose their jobs.
And these are at very successful
companies. You will not need them. You
will not need them. You don't need them
in support today. If you use Gorgeous or
Intercom or even Zenesk or Decacon
that'll be here tomorrow and others, you
don't need the mediocre person in
customer success that says, "I don't
know." You don't need them. And you're
not going to need them in sales or
marketing or customer success by the end
of this year or next year. You're just
not going to need them. Look, those
stories are from this week. It's crazy.
Okay, so we're going to do a deep dive
on that. Just quickly for folks here
tonight, there is casino today, but we
have casino night. I'll be here until
they kick us out. It'll be fun. Hang
out. Unless you have other There's a lot
of parties. Go to the parties, too.
Those are fun. But we'll be here until
they kick us out for casino night.
Tomorrow will actually be the biggest
day. So, come back. If you have any
interest in meeting VCs or if you are a
VC, come to our founder VC brunch. We
kicked it off last year. I think it's
from 11 to 1. It's in the app. I might
It might be 11:32, whatever it is. But
it's pretty fun. It's in the founder
lounge right there. But we'll try to get
everybody that wants to talk to VCs and
trick all the VCs that are here to come.
It should be fun. We'll have the AI
pitch finals if you want to watch it
down there. And then we've got a lot
more stuff than we do. Day three is our
biggest day. I'm gonna do a deep dive on
AI with the CEO of Snowflake, CEO of
Vox, Aaron will be here who's on really
thinking through everything. He'll be
here with the head of AI from IBM. That
will be really entertaining. I guarantee
you. And I'll do an open AI with CEO of
Calendarly. We all use Calendarly,
right? I'll ask a couple questions, but
just come. It's going to be super
informal with hope. He will answer all
your questions. I'll talk for five
minutes. He'll answer a question for
It's going to be fun. And then we'll
have a blowout party to meet everybody.
And we'll stay again until they kick us
out. So, tomorrow the big day. do all
the stuff. It's going to be fun. And
sign up for some brain dates if you
haven't. Do some small meetings. Okay.
So, briefly, the theme warning, I I I am
pretty positive, but it's tough love.
Tough love is going to come. And I have
this every almost every founder I talk
to, any board meeting I talk to, most of
them, there's some variant of this
discussion, which is this. And here's
the meta issue for folks. And I know,
listen, the next 20 minutes, for some of
you, maybe, oh yeah, I get this. But
most don't, so I'm going to say it
anyway. This old software, it's all
aging out, guys. It's all aging out. And
really, and it took I didn't see this
until recently, but I wrote a tweet a
little while ago that from like 2011 to
2023, software didn't change. It really
didn't change. Miguel's with me. From
2011 to 20, it didn't. You would roll
out something, they would have something
clever. It would have it would be a cool
new CRM or cool new marketing tool and
like you'd add a cool feature once a
year and like you'd have a cordy release
and a few things would go and then you'd
do some security and you'd have some
permissioning and some other and like it
like it would change like every five
years. Now the paradigms would change.
Someone would figure out something
really cool with mobile with something
and then it would be like static for 5
years. Now it's changing so fast like
even our little AI when we launched it,
it couldn't read PDFs. Now it's read
like 200 VC decks and board
presentations. That's just one way it
changes. Our own AI in the next release
is going to be able to join Zooms and
have full duplex conversations with
people. Okay. And we actually don't even
have to do anything. We just get the
benefits from our platform. The rate of
change is so fast. And I wrote this that
software actually never really changed
from like 2011 to 2023. And six public
company CEOs emailed me after that and
said, "You're right. I have to work so
much faster." Because honestly my
product uh in 2023 was the same not
literally right and we're going to talk
a lot about it in the next session with
Ramen Yangan from HubSpot. HubSpot has
changed so much in a year. HubSpot has
changed so much in a year. So my tough
message is we were in this world and and
it was even worse than this because so
many of us had 110 120 130% NR for B2B
products and that was just the game get
in fact the original we go back to the
first annual the first theme was 0 to 1
million impossible 1 to 10 million
unlikely 10 to 100 million is inevitable
and it's true but like it's just more
unstable now and part of that in insight
which is obvious now but was radical
ical in 2015 is like this 110 120% NR
was the gravy train. It was so hard to
get to a couple million in revenue and
so hard to get to 10. But if you got to
10 million in ARR with 110% NR, your
ticket was punched in SAS. Okay, just
ship some more features, fill some
feature gaps, win a few deals, hire
great people, but you had five years
before the paradigm changes. But now
it's like changing all the time and it's
just this instability is like stressful
for a lot of folks. It's inst and if
you're not seeing it, we're seeing it.
If you talk to VCs here that have been
around for a while and you have a quiet
conversation, ask them how many folks in
your portfolio are north of 100 million
and now are seeing growth in the 10 or
20% range. All of them. All of them. It
didn't used to happen. Mostly they fell
behind. They didn't launch other
products. They didn't get ahead of AI.
They didn't get ahead of the trends.
They're still selling their 2022 23 23
products is the real theme. Every VC
will tell you and we didn't used to see
this. We didn't used to see any B2B
companies get to 100 million and see
growth radically decline after. We're
seeing it all the time. Not everywhere,
but all the time. Okay. The other thing
that is creating instability with AI is
there's so many customers and so much
change that it's lots of issues around
churn and renewal. Even if like your
customer base is stay, the fact there's
a hundred new competitors here that are
doing super cool things puts pressures
on renewal. It puts pressure on upsell.
and you're selling the same product as
last year and someone here now can
automate the whole process through AI,
automate onboarding, automate
conversations, automate everything.
You're selling a workflow product from
last year, they'll probably renew
because they've built their business
around you, but they're not going to buy
more from you and they're probably going
to downgrade. So, what a lot of folks
are seeing the little cuts. Deals are
getting smaller. NR is coming down. Win
rates are still there, but they're
coming down. Instead of winning 90% of
deals, I'm winning 78% of deals. See
this as a red flag. see this as a flag.
You're not moving fast enough because
this trend is going to continue. So many
leaders, so many folks at 10, 50, 100,
500, a billion are seeing these little
cuts as the folks that are much more
innovative in AI are cutting away. They
don't have to beat you in every deal to
maim you. I call it maming you. It's not
that Twitter and is throw all these
stories. Oh, this great AI first SAS
company got to 100 million in 8 days and
is destroying Salesforce. It's not
destroying Salesforce. Salesforce is at
4 billion growing 9%. Those stories are
like apocryphal. But much more common is
people are getting maimed. They're
getting maimed by so much more radically
aggressive competition that's AI first.
And the last two points on this summary
that's making it harder because it's
weird and I'm sure most folks are seeing
it. If you are there, every buyer, every
especially in the enterprise, every CIO
has AI budget today. We can talk about
whether it's discretionary or budget or
where it's coming from. Everyone has
budget for AI. So more money is going
out at the CIO's office at the
enterprise, but everyone's also has a
mandate to consolidate the number of
vendors. I'm going to ask Yam about it
when she comes up next because they're
benefiting from it. So you'll look at a
lot of leaders that are benefiting from
consolidation. If you look at what
happened with Gong struggled for a
while, then they're reacelerating to 300
million. Okay? Why is Gong
reacelerating? There's some reason, but
one, they got a rich enough product that
they're benefiting from consolidation.
Gong was hit when it was a smaller
product from consolidation because
people are like everyone loves Gong but
they're like I'll use the version built
in to my other product. Now they're
benefiting from it. But this
consolidation is everywhere and it's
something you just have to deal with. It
is you have to fight. You have to be
more innovative. And for a lot of folks
if you probably have to tap into some of
this AI spend if you're going to see the
growth that you wanted before.
Otherwise, you're just going to fight
this consolidation battle. It's harder.
But old software it's aging out. It's
aging out. And we really used to have a
20-year run. Now we're gonna have
fiveyear runs and we're gonna The rate
of change is so high. So I just had a
little fun with my team. I gotta be
honest, I never read Amp it up. But I
got the vibe. Okay, the Frank Sloopman
vibe was everyone, you got to be a
monster. You got to destroy folks and go
to market. You got to work extra hard.
That was the 2021 vibe, right? Who read
Amp It Up? Help me. I didn't read it.
Okay, you read it, right? And but
Frank's not CEO of Snowflake anymore,
right? We'll have the CEO of Snowflake
here tomorrow. Amp it up was great. Be
relentless in
sales. I I asked our AI app in 9 seconds
to make me a version of this. Be
relentless in AI. This is if nothing
else, this is my push, my nooch. Be
relentless. Don't just experiment. Don't
ask folks what to do. Don't have one
engineer looking at it. Be faking
relentless in AI. This is what you have
to do if you're not going to fall
behind. You have to be relentless
because your competition is going to be
relentless. They're going to be
relentless. This is my theme. And just
and some folks say, "Oh, it's early or
or enterprises aren't ready." There's
some truth to that. But look at
Palunteer. Palunteer is reacelerated at
an incredible rate at three and a half
billion in revenue. All driven by
enterprise AI deals. The Department of
Defense is cool with AI. Okay. Military
is cool with AI. Conservative
enterprises. Palunteer is reacelerating.
It's the only public stock that's almost
at a 100x AR. Palunteer. So if you think
big conservative companies are ready for
AI and there's some truth to that. We
just had the CTO of Rubric talk about he
sees it in security. There is
conservatism. I just did a hu deep dive
on our pod with Mark Beni off. He said
there's just layers of conservatis in
Salesforce's base. But just before your
team says oh they're not ready. Look at
freaking Palunteer. Do a little
research. Palunteer is growing the
fastest it has in years. It is
reacelerating at a crazy rate. 39%
growth at 3.5 billion. How much is 39
times 3.5 billion? Miguel, help me with
the math. What's 40%* 3? It's like a
lot, isn't it? That Palanteer is adding
1.6 billion of new bookings a year.
Sorry to interrupt. Go back. So, don't
be thinking that like your customer base
isn't ready. They're ready. They're
ready. It's going to go in phases. So,
anyhow, my point is it's really
stressful when you have new competitors.
It's really stressful when your
product's getting out of date. But when
it's good, man, it's really good because
people buyers are excited, customers are
excited, the market is excited. So I
get, this is really tough love though,
this slide is that because nothing
changed. This was a tweet I did that I
got. I can't tell you how many public
company CEOs reached out to me on this.
Because nothing changed. And listen, I
don't some people get mad when I say
this, but we're just among friends. We
got soft. We ran the same freaking
playbooks, the same GTM playbooks, the
same cadences, the same, and frankly, in
some ways, Saster benefited. I benefited
because I'm like, "Oh my god, I can't
believe the playbooks I use at Echosign
in 2011 still worked in 2021." I was
shocked. I thought they would be out of
date in a year, but they worked year
after year. Now, you had to evolve a
little bit, but man, it was the same
playbooks. And then, and this I know
people get mad when I say this, the
truth is work from home and quality of
life meant we worked even less with
these playbooks. Okay. And it was just
too easy. And everyone thought they were
a genius in 2021. The average public SAS
company in 2021 grew 70%. Public public.
The average public company SAS company
now is growing in the teens. Okay. So,
we all thought we were go to market
geniuses. We all thought we were product
geniuses selling the same product in
2021 we sold in 2019. Okay. We were not
geniuses. We were benefiting from a
buying wave. And so, got to change,
right? We've just got to change. And a
lot of folks in your or won't want to
change. This is a tough question. This
is a tough question. And when I talk to
CEOs behind closed doors, when I talk to
CEOs in the green room here, there's
discussions that we all have that aren't
had in public. And I ask them, how much
of your team is not going to make it in
the AIH? Okay. The truth is, and this is
true for startups, too, it's probably 20
to 40% of your teams are not going to
make it in the AIH. That sales rep that
told me if I wanted to come to Saster
next week is not going to make it. He's
not aggressive enough. Okay, it's tough.
Your CMO still running the
same human content SEO team from 2021
and that's his best idea today is not
going to make it. Not going to make it.
The CRO that doesn't believe in AI and
the sales team except for some maybe
enterprise stuff is not going to make
it. Certainly, we have a great CCO
summit coming on here today. hundreds of
the best CCOs, folks that think that
customer success experience from that
junior folk that said he had one hour
dude next week, they're not going to
make it. They're not going to make it.
So, I don't know how this will all play
out, but I think the notion that
everyone wants to be reskilled. A lot of
folks don't want to be reskilled. A lot
of folks are comfortable working in
slippers from home three days a week.
They don't like it when I say it on
LinkedIn. So, I'm just saying it among
friends. I don't believe they they want
to be reskilled. I don't believe they
want to learn. I don't believe using
chat GBT once a week to ask about
recipes is the same as being reskilled.
So this is not only does everyone have
to move twice as fast, but on it's
tough. I don't think 20 to 40% of our
teams want to change and we're going to
see people are like shocked that
Microsoft did a 3% layoff this week. 3%
layoff. Okay. But those are folks that
can't change. They need new people to
change that. We're going to see this
trend accelerate. We're going to see
more and more layoffs of companies that
are doing well. And the net headcount is
not going to go down. They're just got
to reskill people. It's brutal. But if
you don't do it, you're going to fall
behind. You're gonna fall behind. And
and if you're still skeptical, hopefully
you're not skeptical. I just want to
highlight this one thing that's maybe
obvious and I'll tie it all together. If
you haven't seen what's happened in
coding and support, it's radically
changed. If you're not seeing your
vertical SAS, if you're not seeing it in
your segment,
literally 20 to 40% of support is all
done on AI today. And it's great. It's
great. It's not perfect. I all everyone
that is doing support at scale may you
can and there's folks here you can talk
to decagon tomorrow the cos here which
is at the cutting edge but almost
everyone has humans in the loop. Okay
that's not the point. The point is
almost 40% of humans are often already
replaced with AI. Look at coding. I keep
picking on Miguel because he's in the
front row but in Revenue Cat which has
40% of all mobile subscriptions use
them. They've increased software
productivity about 50% using a AI tools,
using cursor and friends. 50 up 50%. 30
40. That's a lot though. So, I was
literally at an investor meeting not too
long ago. The VP of engineering, I'm not
sure. I I don't know this stuff's really
a good idea. I don't know if it's going
to work. I'm like, imagine you get 30%
gains this year and 30% next year and
like it just compounds at an epic rate.
So, my real point is it's here. It's
here and my son's here. My son's here.
The only thing he pays out of his own
pocket is cursor. He's pretty smart.
He's now I can do 90% of my coding with
AI. So that's what you want in your
team. Him. Okay. And again with our own
little AI play with it. We did
139,156 conversations that did not tell
anyone Saster was next week. Not one of
them. Not one of them. Now it did. Now
for fun, it did make it's really good.
It's trained on 12 years of content.
This session will be in it. Everything,
every session will be in it. Every
tweet, every LinkedIn, are there some
errors? Yes. For example, here's just a
fun one. Every question about this
event, it got right. Okay. But we do a
Europe event and we haven't publicized
on the web when it is yet. We haven't
put the date up. So, people keep asking
when's SAS Europa this or when S's or
London. It makes it up. Okay. Not five
2% or 3% are wrong. It says it's in
September 2025. It's in June. It doesn't
know. It's guessing. I'm not really a an
an expert on how you vectorize this
information and rag it. I don't know.
But it's get it guessed wrong. Okay. So
after three months, I just go and I
train it in 5 seconds. I ask the
question. It's in December. It's
Christmas in London. Now it gets it
right. Don't sit in your saying, "Oh, it
doesn't work." Okay. 128,000 of these
were right in a couple things I made up.
We fixed it. It's fixed it. And then the
meta point here, maybe this is all the
point. I know I maybe it's being
redundant, but just don't think I could
say this enough time is this is what I
smell and fear. I see it in board
meetings. I see it in investor meetings.
I see it all the time. I call it the AI
slow roll. I just see it everywhere.
It's folks that don't want to change,
aren't interested in changing, and
they're just I don't this will be on
video sharding sharding on AI. Okay. And
I talked with a lot of like CTO's
backstage here and they're like, "Yeah,
a lot of times it's actually my more
seasoned folks in my team. They don't
they want to do it themselves. They
don't want to change. Seasoned CRO,
seasoned folks, they don't want to do
it. Maybe it's the junior folks too. I'm
not trying to word it as a sack. It's
not but it's the second tier managers
that they find are most resistant, but
it doesn't matter. I see it with CRO and
junior folks. This this slow role. It's
being criticized. And just be aware of
it because if they're
sharding on AI in your company, you're
not going to be as innovative as you
can. You're just not going to be. And I
just see this slow roll for a variety of
reasons, but the reality is humans are
I'm not a psychologist. Humans are
resistant to change and this is a rate
of change we have not seen in B2B ever.
And don't you just can't tolerate the
slow roll and you got to lead from the
front. Aaron Levy will be here tomorrow.
Why is Aaron Levy and Darm Shaw and
others like really early on social media
constantly talking about the change? are
just trying to to the a million reasons,
but I think some of it is to root out
slow roll in their own organizations. If
Aaron's working at this pace for AI to
change box, his team's sure better. So,
this is just the thing that is
inadvertently toxic that is harming
companies deeply. This one we touched
on, but this is just hard, guys. There's
just more competitors. So, it's just
more competitors and you have to be
better because of this. There are it's
the funniest thing is there are some
spaces that only have a few competitors
because of AI, but there are spaces that
like I've invested in like legal tech
and support that I no one wanted to
build in before AI. Now everyone wants
to do these. I don't want to sell the
lawyers. That's terrible. Now it's like
hot. Okay. Now in part because of chat
now there's a thousand folks doing
support right when I invested in talk
desk in 2014 or gorgeous in 2018 or
intercom or front no one wanted to like
ah this is low deal size commodity
boring. Now, like smartest people in the
world want to do these things. Sales
tools, sales productivity was pretty
boring until recently, right? Now
there's so many tools, right? Literally,
we had a dinner on Monday night and this
founder comes up to me. He's, "Hey, are
you Anna Linens's dad?" I'm like, "Yeah,
I am." He's, "Oh, I'm out at Stanford. I
just dropped out. I knew her. She's a
freshman." He's like, "We built this AI
thing to automate sales research and
everything. We're already at 2 million
AR. I'm going out to fly customers."
He's 19. He just dropped out of college
to build a B2B sales tool at 2 million
in ARR. Okay. So, there's a lot of
interesting things in that story, but
like it's just the level of competition
in categories that were less
competitive. It's awesome and it's
interesting, but it's changed. And then
there's even things like MCP that are
going to radically change. If folks are
using MCP to go out to your data and
they're not and your users aren't even
going to interact with your application,
there's just so much change. Cry me a
river is the tough love. The last one,
this is one I think about a bit. This is
stressful is there's a theme on X and I
don't like how people over theme AI that
aren't actually building companies or
selling, but Moes versus momentum. I do
worry about this one. Again, when we go
back to the old days when software
didn't change for a decade, the there's
no there in most B2B, there's not
perfect moes. There aren't perfect
modes, but the modes get there. There's
brand, there's workflow, there's
structured data, right? the amount of
energy even if you wanted to leave
HubSpot or Box your data structured it's
set up it works like there's just so
many moes between brand and those moes
are all real today but they're all
weakening they're all weakening with AI
there's a bunch of reasons for it is and
I'm still learning what modes are weaker
but at one level as the AI get better
the underlying apps get less
differentiated the underlying apps and
I'll give you a quick small example we
talked about this company Gorgeous that
I invested in they're coming up on a
hundred million And they're like a
Zenesk for Shopify for e-commerce.
Really big in that ecosystem in the
Shopify. And before AI, the differences
between Zenesk and Gorgeous were vast.
They were vast and they're still very
large. But Zenesk has a really good AI
now. So even if the product's 22 years
old, if the AI is really good, it can
make older products, different products
much better. It can rejuvenate old
products. It can make little tiny
products that used to be function poor.
Like your little tiny ankle biter
competitors that used to not do much,
they might be great with AI because the
AI is great, right? So there's just
these mo the moes are weakening and it's
tough, but momentum probably is more
important. We talked a little bit about
how consolidation is a theme that you've
got to fight, but I this one was just
quickly interesting. Boldstart, which
has done a ton of great B2B investing.
Boldstart VC, they had their their CIO
kickoff at RSA, and I just like to
summarize this learning that they had.
Budgets still favor consolidation except
in innovation. This is just a macro
trend. I touched on it before, but this
is the reality. CIOS have money. Look at
Gartner. Overall IT spend still going up
like at record rates. 8 10% a year.
Maybe it's more. Maybe it's in the
teens. I should know. But the overall
budgets are still going up at record
rates. There is inflation. And there is
other things but that money is basically
split into innovation AI and listen I
got to I want to shrink my number of
vendors. If you look at the XYO study
we've put up if you look at others
people are not adding a lot of new
vendors to their stack. So you got to
fight that. You have to earn your place
in the stack even more than you had to
before. We know this. But even as things
are as spend's getting better,
everything's getting better overall. The
vibe is better. Here's the thing.
Consolidation is still a thing.
Consolidation is not going away. It is
enduring. People got burned out on all
the hundreds of apps they bought in 2021
and now it has become part of the CIO's
job to keep managing consolidation down.
You got to deal with that as founders.
You have to be more innovative and
provide so much value that folks will
break the rule and push to bring you in
because you're going to have to fight
this consolidation trend. You have to
earn it even more. Okay, we talked about
this as I run out of time. Here's my
last annoying push. The only answer to
all these issues, I know it's annoying.
It's tough love. You got to work harder.
You got to work harder. I know a lot of
folks don't like return to office. I
know folks thinks it's toxic to talk
about working six and a half days a week
in San Francisco. Maybe it's toxic. I
don't know. But it's a reality. If your
team is working 22 hours a week in your
nice hybrid office and they come
sometimes come in on Wednesdays and they
miss check-ins and it's all and you're
doing quarterly releases and your
competitor is an SF working six and a
half days a week AI first and pushing
out code every day, you're probably
going to lose in today's world. You're
probably going to you have to find a way
to get the team to work harder. You have
to find a way. It's tough love, but it's
the truth. And the last point I'll say,
look at the interview I did with Mark
Bendy. Look at what Drew Hston said
yesterday. This is my last point and
then we'll break. You got to refound
your company for most of you. The last
thing that I want to break and bring
Yamin up, but this is such an important
exercise. Drew just talked about doing
this at Dropbox. Okay. My advice to you
everyone, Drew said he did this too.
Mark Beni off said he did it. If you
haven't done this yet this year, when
you go back, sit down with your
co-founder or your senior team and just
say, "Guys, in 2025, if we could start
over, what would we build in our space?"
Not different company. Don't have that
conversation like that. Then be then all
the emotions will come out because
everyone wishes they were building
Windsurf or open air or whatever. They
all everyone thinks the other company's
easier, right? Revenue cap thinks
gorgeous is easier. Gorgeous thinks
revenue cat's easier. They all think
owner's easier. Owner is the hardest of
all. My point is they all think it's
easier. But say listen today if we could
start from scratch and it's hard and if
you listen to what Drew said he said I
want to do this but I have 18 million
customers. So I can't do everything I
want to do. I can't truly refound
Dropbox because I got 18 million 2. But
that's what I want to do. That's what
Mark Ben off said. Most of you are below
the scale of Salesforce and Dropbox. So
go back, sit with your team and say,
"What would we build today? How and how
can we do it twice as fast and just go
find a frigin way to build it?" Whether
it's putting a little bit of your team
in a separate group, right? H having
whether that works or not, whether it's
dropping some stuff, whether it's
measuring it, fig I don't have all the
answers, but instead of fighting the
2023 battle, figure out what you would
build today, look at all the
competitors, all the industry, look
where the puck's going, and find a way
to reound your company. That's mojo. And
if you have a good team, a lot of them
will get it. Be it turns out they'll get
excited about this meeting. A lot of the
good folks will be like, "Yeah, let's we
found this figure in 2025." Yeah, maybe
growth slowed to 40%, but let's build
what the market wants today, not be a
Debbie Downer about how it's changed and
maybe the mediocre folks in your team
will grumble and maybe they could find
another place to work. I don't know. But
that's my view today. I want to break
now. There's still a 10x AR club. Be in
it. Find it. VC's all about AI. We can
talk a little bit more about this
tomorrow if you're not in it. IPOs are
back. Chime others are all coming. The
bar is 50% at 500 million. Sorry, I run
out of time on this piece. We can do
some more tomorrow. PE may not bail us
out. And we're all going to do the same
with the same amount of headcount. Maybe
this is the last point I do want to
break. We all have to work harder. We
have to be twice as productive. We have
to be AI first. And I'll tell you one
last thing. Everybody's freezing
headcount. Everyone. It doesn't mean
they're not hiring. It means they're
moving on from underproductive people
through voluntary and involuntary
attrition and they're bringing new
people. But this vibe from Duolingo, do
it first with AI and do it second with
an upgrade. This is everybody's vibe on
WhatsApp and behind closed doors.
Everyone's going to do more, but you
can't do more with you don't get 50%
headcount anymore. So, not only do you
have to do twice as much, not only you
have two to 10 times more competitors,
but you're going to have to do it with
the same headcount. You're going to have
to do it with the same headcount. And
it's tough. The only thing I can tell
you is don't hire people running the
2021 playbook and don't hire anyone
that's not hands- on keyboard.